{
    # Global options
    # auto_https disable_redirects
        # 启用自动 HTTPS
    auto_https on
    # 可选: 配置邮箱用于 Let's Encrypt 通知
    email 213193509seu@gmail.com
}

# ACME challenge handling for HTTP
:80 {
    root * /var/www/html
    file_server
}

# 1. claude3.ucas.life
claude3.ucas.life {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude3.ucas.life/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude3.ucas.life/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    handle {
        reverse_proxy http://60.205.189.192:1145 {
            header_up Connection ""
            transport http {
                versions h1
                read_timeout 24h
            }
            flush_interval -1
        }
    }
}

# 2. claude.585dg.com
claude.585dg.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude3.ucas.life/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude3.ucas.life/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    handle {
        reverse_proxy http://60.205.189.192:1145 {
            header_up Connection ""
            transport http {
                versions h1
                read_timeout 24h
            }
            flush_interval -1
        }
    }
}

# 3. claude.liuligpt.space
claude.liuligpt.space {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuligpt.space/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuligpt.space/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    handle {
        root * /etc/nginx/dist
        try_files {path} {path}/ /index.html
        file_server
    }
}

# 4. claude.liuli.mmwcy.cn
claude.liuli.mmwcy.cn {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuli.mmwcy.cn/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuli.mmwcy.cn/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    redir https://claude.liuli.arelay.com{uri} permanent
}

# 5. claude.liuli.arelay.com
claude.liuli.arelay.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuli.mmwcy.cn/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuli.mmwcy.cn/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:1341 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 6. storage.ucas.life
storage.ucas.life {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/storage.ucas.life/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/storage.ucas.life/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:8081 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 7. claude2.ai0.cn
claude2.ai0.cn {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude2.ai0.cn/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude2.ai0.cn/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:8300 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 8. demogpt.585dg.com
demogpt.585dg.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/demogpt.585dg.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/demogpt.585dg.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy https://chat.soruxgpt.com {
        header_up Host chat.soruxgpt.com
        header_up X-Real-IP {remote_host}
        header_up X-Forwarded-For {remote_host}
        header_up X-Forwarded-Proto {scheme}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            #tls
            #tls_server_name chat.soruxgpt.com
            versions h1, h2
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 9. ailiu.585dg.com
ailiu.585dg.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/ailiu.585dg.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/ailiu.585dg.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:8300 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 10. claude35.liuligpt.space
claude35.liuligpt.space {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude35.liuligpt.space/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude35.liuligpt.space/privkey.pem

    redir / /chat permanent

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:1341 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 11. claude35.liuligpt.com
claude35.liuligpt.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude35.liuligpt.space/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude35.liuligpt.space/privkey.pem

    redir / /chat permanent

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:1341 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 12. liuli.mmwcy.cn
liuli.mmwcy.cn {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/liuli.mmwcy.cn/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/liuli.mmwcy.cn/privkey.pem

    redir https://shop.liuli.arelay.com{uri} permanent

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }
}

# 13. shop.liuli.arelay.com
shop.liuli.arelay.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/shop.liuli.arelay.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/shop.liuli.arelay.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:9000 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 14. api.claude35.585dg.com
api.claude35.585dg.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/api.claude35.585dg.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/api.claude35.585dg.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:1145 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 15. store.585dg.com
store.585dg.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/store.585dg.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/store.585dg.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:9000 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 16. api.poe.585dg.com
api.poe.585dg.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/api.poe.585dg.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/api.poe.585dg.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:8000 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 17. shop.liuligpt.space
shop.liuligpt.space {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/shop.liuligpt.space/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/shop.liuligpt.space/privkey.pem

    redir https://liuli.mmwcy.cn{uri} permanent

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }
}

# 18. store.liuligpt.space
store.liuligpt.space {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/store.liuligpt.space/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/store.liuligpt.space/privkey.pem

    redir https://liuli.mmwcy.cn{uri} permanent

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }
}

# 19. shop.liuligpt.com
shop.liuligpt.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/shop.liuligpt.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/shop.liuligpt.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:9000 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up X-Real-IP {remote_host}
        header_up X-Forwarded-For {remote_host}
        header_up X-Forwarded-Proto {scheme}
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}

# 20. claude.liuligpt.com
claude.liuligpt.com {
    #tls /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuligpt.com/fullchain.pem /etc/letsencrypt/live/claude.liuligpt.com/privkey.pem

    @acme_challenge {
        path /.well-known/acme-challenge/*
    }
    handle @acme_challenge {
        root * /var/www/html
        file_server
    }

    reverse_proxy http://54.254.143.80:8181 {
        header_up Host {host}
        header_up Upgrade {header.Upgrade}
        header_up Connection "upgrade"
        transport http {
            versions h1
        }
        flush_interval -1
    }
}
